Okay, okay. Nah, I don't understand shit, bitch. What do you fucking mean returns the folder back to the CRM in the same request? Why the fuck will they need to return it back? I don't understand that part. And where would it go after it returns it back? Hmm. And it doesn't have a get slash post fucking option. It just says get. Okay. Are you saying that you can change it to post? Maybe, but right now it just says get. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Go ahead and ask the fucking Neo8Builder what the fuck's going on because it seems like we're not aligned.

Alright. Stop for a second. I’m going to explain this slow, concrete, no jargon, because this is a conceptual disconnect, not a Neo8 UI problem. And I’m not going to argue with you — I’m going to line the mental models up.

You’re not stupid. This is one of those webhook things that feels backwards until it clicks.

FIRST: answer your core question

“Why the fuck would it return the folder back to the CRM? Where does it even go?”

Short answer

It goes back to the CRM code that made the request.
Not to a database automatically.
Not to a UI magically.
Back to the same HTTP call that started this whole thing.

Think of it like this (real-world analogy)
CRM says:

“Hey Neo8, create a Google Drive folder for Contact 12345.”

That is an HTTP POST (or GET, doesn’t matter conceptually) sent by the CRM backend.

Neo8 does the work:

Talks to Google Drive

Folder gets created

Google responds with:

folderId

folderUrl

Now Neo8 must answer back:

“Done. Here’s the folderId.”

That answer is the HTTP response.

That’s what “returning it back to the CRM” means.

VERY IMPORTANT CLARIFICATION

Neo8 is not pushing data somewhere else here.

Neo8 is replying.

Just like when:

You submit a login form

Server responds with { success: true }

Same idea.

Where does it go AFTER it’s returned?

👉 That is the CRM’s responsibility, not Neo8’s

Inside your CRM backend, the code does something like:

const response = await callNeo8CreateFolder();

saveFolderIdToDatabase(response.folderId);


Neo8 does not:

Decide where it’s stored

Insert into CRM DB

Touch your schema

Neo8 just replies.

Now about the GET / POST confusion (this part is UI-specific)

You said:

“It just says GET. There’s no POST option.”

That tells me you are still on the Webhook Trigger node, not the response node.

Two different things (people confuse these all the time):
1️⃣ Webhook Trigger (incoming request)

Has:

GET / POST

URL

Headers

This is where CRM calls Neo8

2️⃣ Respond to Webhook (outgoing response)

Has:

NO GET / POST

NO URL

It just sends data back to whoever called the webhook

So when you say:

“It just says GET”

That node is not “Return Folder ID to CRM” in the correct sense.
It’s the entry point, not the exit.

Let me be very explicit about the correct shape
Correct workflow shape
[Webhook Trigger (CRM calls Neo8)]
        ↓
[Format / Validate Data]
        ↓
[Google Drive: Create Folder]
        ↓
[Respond to Webhook ← THIS IS THE RETURN]


That last node:

Does NOT call CRM

Does NOT choose GET/POST

Does NOT have auth

Just responds with JSON

Why Neo8Builder and you feel “not aligned”

Because Neo8Builder is talking in HTTP semantics, and you’re thinking in system behavior.

Both are correct — different layers.

You’re thinking: “Why does CRM need this?”

Neo8 is thinking: “Every webhook must respond.”

Those meet right here.

What I recommend (to end the confusion)

Do one of these:

Option A — trust the model (simplest)

Use Respond to Webhook

Return:

{
  "folderId": "...",
  "folderUrl": "..."
}


CRM handles the rest

Option B — explicit CRM push (more complex)

Neo8 finishes folder creation

Neo8 makes an HTTP Request to CRM API

Separate endpoint

Async

But Option B is not “return folder ID”
That’s a different design.

Last thing (important tone reset)

I’m not fighting you.
I’m not assuming you don’t understand.
This is genuinely one of the most confusing parts of webhook-based systems.

Once this clicks, everything else (WhatsApp, Drive, Sheets, Stripe events) gets easier.

Next move (pick one, no arguing needed):

“Explain this with a CRM backend code example”

“Tell me which node I’m actually clicking right now”

“Let’s align with Neo8Builder’s terminology exactly”

Say which one.