We are starting the first automation flow: Lead Intake → Neo8Flow.
Before anything gets sent to the N8N builder, YOU need to review it first.

Below is the exact prompt that we plan to send to the N8N builder.
We need you to:

Review the logic

Make sure it matches our CRM structure

Tell us if anything needs to be implemented on your side

Tell us if anything is missing

Tell us if anything is incorrect

Ask any questions you need

Once confirmed, you will build whatever backend requirements are needed

Then you will give us the final, corrected version of this prompt to send to the N8N builder

You do NOT build N8N.
You verify, correct, and prepare the prompt for the N8N builder.

📦 BEGIN N8N BUILDER PROMPT (FOR YOU TO REVIEW)

Flow Name: Lead Intake Flow

Purpose:
Our CRM sends a Lead Intake event to Neo8Flow. Neo8Flow processes it and triggers any needed automations (AI receptionist follow-up, notifications, tasks, etc.).

Important Rules:

Intake has NO deduplication

Intake has NO merge logic

Intake has NO CRM decisions

Intake is strictly pass-through

CRM handles duplicate detection later, inside the CRM only

Intake only sends the event to Neo8Flow

Required Steps the Builder Must Implement:

Receive POST webhook from Smart Klix

Validate required fields

Check signature (optional, but supported)

Route by event_type (for now only lead.intake)

Store raw data in N8N Data Store (if needed)

Trigger the follow-up automation (to be defined later)

Respond 200 OK

Payload structure the flow will receive:

{
  "schema_version": "neo8flow.v1",
  "event_type": "lead.intake",
  "idempotency_key": "...",
  "tenant_id": "...",
  "timestamp": "...",
  "source": {
    "channel": "chat_widget",
    "source_id": "widget-1",
    "ip": "1.2.3.4"
  },
  "data": {
    "contact": {
      "firstName": "",
      "lastName": "",
      "email": "",
      "phone": ""
    }
  }
}


Builder’s job:
Only build the workflow exactly as described.
No customizing CRM logic.
No changing structure.
No adding steps we didn’t approve.

📌 END OF N8N BUILDER PROMPT

Your Job (CRM Developer):

Review this entire prompt

Tell us what needs to be updated in our backend to support this

Tell us if the structure matches our system

Tell us if anything needs to be added before sending this to the builder

Tell us if any required fields or logic are missing

Once approved, provide the FINAL VERSION of the builder prompt that we will send to Neo8Flow Ask Agent for validation