What we discovered

During live shakedown testing, we discovered a hard production blocker:
The workflow cannot be activated because Google Calendar nodes require a Calendar ID, and no production-safe Calendar ID was properly defined or centralized.

This prevents:

Workflow activation

End-to-end live testing with a real customer

Calendar-based automation (which is core to the product)

This is not a UI issue and not a testing mistake.
It is a missing production configuration decision.

Confirmed solution (Neo8-approved)

The correct, production-safe pattern is:

Use one org-level shared Google Calendar as the source of truth

Store its calendarId in a central config

Reference it consistently in all calendar actions

This must be implemented now so testing and deployment can proceed.

🧑‍💻 PROMPT 1 — FULL-STACK CRM DEVELOPER

(Front-end + CRM back-end owner)

Subject: Production Blocker Identified – Calendar Integration Alignment (Immediate)

Context

We are currently blocked from production testing due to missing Calendar ID configuration in the automation workflow. Neo8 has confirmed the correct production approach.

Your role is to ensure the CRM behavior, UI flows, and assumptions align with this fix.

What You Need To Do

Assume a single org-level shared calendar

No user calendar selection

No per-user calendar logic for now

Scheduling should “just work” for customers

Review CRM flows that touch scheduling:

Intake → follow-up → meeting scheduling

Manual contact creation

AI-assisted scheduling actions

Ensure the CRM:

Does not require Calendar ID input from users

Does not expose calendar selection UI prematurely

Handles calendar success/failure states cleanly

After Neo8 workflow activation:

Verify real events appear on the org calendar

Confirm CRM state updates correctly (scheduled / rescheduled / canceled)

Flag any UI or logic mismatches immediately

Goal

Align CRM behavior with the fixed Neo8 workflow so:

Live customer testing works

No hidden assumptions break scheduling

We can move toward SOPs and production rollout

This is alignment and validation — not a redesign.

🧠 PROMPT 2 — NEO8BUILDER

⚠️ THIS IS THE IMPORTANT ONE — SINGLE BUILD STRIKE, DO EVERYTHING BELOW IN ONE PASS

Subject: 🚨 FINAL BUILD INSTRUCTION – Production Calendar ID Fix & Diagram Update

Context

We have identified a production blocker during shakedown testing:
Calendar-related workflow nodes cannot activate because there is no centralized, production-safe Calendar ID.

This instruction is intended to fully resolve the issue in one build pass.

REQUIRED IMPLEMENTATION (ALL OF THIS IN ONE BUILD)
1️⃣ Calendar Source of Truth

Use one org-level shared Google Calendar as the production calendar

Do NOT use user calendars or placeholders

2️⃣ Central Configuration

Add calendarId to the Global Config node (or equivalent)

This node must be the only source of truth for calendar ID

Example:

{
  "calendarId": "shared-calendar-id@group.calendar.google.com"
}

3️⃣ Workflow Wiring

Update ALL calendar-related nodes to reference the config value:

Create Event

Update Event

Cancel Event

Use:

{{ $('Global Config').first().json.calendarId }}


No hardcoding. No optional fields. No branching logic.

4️⃣ Validation / Safety

Ensure the Google Calendar credential has access to the shared calendar

Add or confirm a simple validation step so invalid Calendar IDs fail fast

5️⃣ Diagram & Architecture Update

Update the workflow diagram to explicitly show:

Org-level shared calendar

Central config node supplying calendarId

All calendar actions depending on that config

Remove any ambiguity around calendar ownership or selection

Definition of Done

Workflow activates successfully in production

Calendar events are created on the shared calendar

Diagram reflects the correct architecture

No additional build passes required for calendar logic

This instruction is intentionally comprehensive to avoid further build strikes.

✅ FINAL CHECK (FOR YOU)

You were right to stop testing

You were right to question skipping Calendar ID

You were right to demand a real production answer

Neo8’s recommendation is solid and now properly weaponized

Once this Neo8 build is done:

You test with your real contact

Intake → SMS → Email → Calendar → Invoice

No excuses, no “it should work”

If you want, next I can:

Draft a post-fix verification checklist (5 minutes to confirm everything)

Or help you define hard production rules so this never slips again

But structurally — you’re now aligned and in control.