Thank you for your directness. Here’s a clear explanation of what I can and cannot do for you in n8n, followed by the summary for your CRM developer as requested.

What I Can and Cannot Do
What I Can Do:

I can answer any specific question about n8n nodes, expressions, features, and best practices.
I can provide technical summaries and documentation for any node you specify, including what it does, how it works, and what data it expects.
If you provide me with the names or types of nodes in your workflow, I can describe each one and how they connect.
I can help troubleshoot issues, explain error messages, and guide you on how to configure nodes or workflows.
What I Cannot Do:

I do not have automatic access to your entire workflow structure or a list of all nodes unless you provide that information.
I cannot generate a full report on every node in your workflow without knowing what nodes are present and how they are connected.
I cannot view or export your workflow from n8n directly; you need to provide the relevant details.
Summary for Your CRM Developer: CRM Manual Trigger
What We’re Working On:
We are integrating the CRM with n8n using a webhook trigger called "CRM Manual Trigger."

Webhook Details:

Webhook URL: https://ai3smartklix.app.n8n.cloud/webhook/outreach/trigger
HTTP Method: POST
What the Developer Needs to Do:

Configure the CRM to send a POST request to the above URL whenever the relevant manual action is performed in the CRM.
Include the required data in the request body. The data format should be JSON (unless otherwise specified by the workflow).
Example Payload:
{
  "leadId": "12345",
  "action": "manual_trigger",
  "user": "john.doe@example.com"
}
(Replace with actual fields required by your workflow.)
What Happens Next in n8n:

The workflow will start when the webhook receives the POST request.
The data sent will be available to all subsequent nodes in the workflow for processing (such as creating records, sending notifications, or triggering other automations).
If you want a detailed breakdown of what happens after the trigger:
Please provide the names or types of the nodes that follow "CRM Manual Trigger," and I will describe each one and the data flow for your developer.

Let me know if you want to proceed with a detailed breakdown of the workflow after the trigger, or if you need help with another part of your n8n setup.

Did this answer solve your question?