Okay, okay, okay. I think we're on the same page, but I just want to make sure we're on the same page with the things we have determined, right? So we did the audit, we determined where we are right now, so now we're just focusing on these things, okay? Focusing on these things that we have right now, which is the calendar ID, which is not something I'm really worried about, but mostly the architecture and the premium receptionist, right? Premium receptionist, architecture... Fuck, I was gonna say... So we're gonna start working on the architecture and the layout, so we're gonna speak with the CRM developer about this to see what his side is, and that way we let him know what's up, and then he can start updating anything on his side, because I'm sure he's gonna have to update. Explain to him, what do we call the AI receptionist? We're gonna call that the AI receptionist server, right? That's his name, and that's where anything that has to do with the calling AI receptionist premium version lives, okay? Because the economic version that works on the... That could work from the CRM, as far as what I'm understanding, okay? So if we could separate those, that'll be good, all right? That way we don't mix shit up, all right? And basically, the CRM will send triggers or commands to the AI receptionist server, and that's where the fucking scheduling and calling and all that... But of course, and the CRM is gonna have their own side too, right? But the only thing is that it sends it, okay? It stores information as far as any relay information that happened, right? Basically, what things are gonna happen, right? This is a basic AI receptionist, it's not a fucking fancy one, it's not a sales call, it's not nothing like that. It answers calls, it gathers information, it provides information that it's able to provide based on their instructions that have been provided in the behavior injection, okay? And boom, they relay that summary, boom, relay it to the fucking CRM, okay? The outbound would only be like, hey, just following it up, you're ready for the appointment, hey, what do you wanna fucking update the appointment, boom, gathers that information, it relays it back, and then it just goes through the same process that we already have set up, right? Does that make sense?