Well, it seems you're not with the business. I'm going to repeat it, because that thing that I gave you, it was almost closed, but I guess it was missing a few things, all right? So anything can come in from Widget, Contact Form, AI Voice, WhatsApp, Email, Chat, API, Connection, whatever. That goes into the Intake Hub, all right? Now, once that hits the Intake Hub, then the Action MCP, which is the AI console, Action Console, and the CRM, he takes action, right? But he could also take action from the chat, which is what we're doing right now. We're testing it through the chat, since we're not getting any intake, okay? That, the proposal, yes, boom, right there. It's in the chat, on the fucking chat. You accept it. That gets ledged. He does it. He does what needs to be done. It gets drafted, so it's just sitting there. The fucking master architect reviews it, sees what it did. Oh, he said he did this. Okay, yeah, that's what he did. I see it right there. It's drafted right there. Let's go ahead and approve this and move it over to the execution side, where the operator could just final review it and then move on.What goes on the ledger because I skipped this part some of it once the action AI console the action CRM does something whether it be from whatever it is He does an action that got proposed and we can and he did it on the chat in this case Because if it's through the the intake form, it does it it does it automatically, right? But if it's fucking in the chat, you know, you accept the proposal. Boom. Yeah, that's what I want I want to create that on that phone number. That is correct. Boom That gets ledged. He does it. Okay Master architect Reviews it whether he approved it where he did not approve it. Boom that get alleged That's a ledger. Also, that's something that happened. He got sledge the execution side Whatever happened right there that get ledge so it gets ledge approximately three times right It could be more if it gets returned But it should all of that should be on readme dog, I don't know why why it's notSo as far as the guard trails, the Action CRM, the AI console, Action console, if he did it wrong the first time and the architect told him it's wrong and he does it again and it's wrong again, then that's it. The architect just tell him it's wrong. He can't do it. He moves on to the next one. There's no, we cut the loop right there.